c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\RestDataLayer.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\RestDataLayer.pdb
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\RestDataLayer.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\RestDataLayer.pdb
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\iRINGLibrary.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\StaticDust.Configuration.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\UtilityLibrary.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\bkumar2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\RestDataLayer.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\RestDataLayer.pdb
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\iRINGLibrary.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\StaticDust.Configuration.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\UtilityLibrary.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\RestDataLayer.dll
\\NDHD203655\Users\bkumar2\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\RestDataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\RestDataLayer.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\RestDataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\iRINGLibrary.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\StaticDust.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\UtilityLibrary.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\RestDataLayer.dll
C:\Users\bkumar2\Documents\GitHub\rest_dl\RestDataLayer\RestDataLayer\obj\Debug\RestDataLayer.pdb
